Correction to “Intratumoral microbiota is associated with prognosis in patients with adrenocortical carcinoma”

The authors wish to correct errors in the above-referenced article arising from the concerns on the accuracy of intratumoral microbiota profile from the article “Microbiome analyses of blood and tissues suggest cancer diagnostic approach” (Nature, 2020, DOI: s41586-024-07656-x), which was retracted by its maintainers due to concerns about the robustness of specific microbial signatures reported. We have re-analyzed the intratumoral microbiota from other two independent datasets. We provide the following corrections:
In the Result section, the microbiome data used for analysis were sourced from the TCGA-Z dataset (Sheng et al., DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2024.217077) and TCGA-S dataset (shared by Steven L. Salzberg, PhD). The abundance and prevalence of taxa at genus and species levels were reanalyzed in the section “ACC Harbors Intratumoral Microbes”. The clustering result based on microbial composition was modified in the section “Intratumoral Microbiome Composition Is Associated with Prognosis in ACC”. Following the identification of microbial subgroups, subsequent analyses were updated accordingly. These include the development and evaluation of a microbial risk score, comparison of genomic event frequencies between subgroups, characterization of immune infiltration patterns and activated carcinogenic pathways, and links between specific genera abundance and host gene expression. These revisions are reflected in the sections “Intratumoral Microbial Signatures Can Improve Prognosis Prediction”, “Intratumoral Microbial Composition Is Associated with Host Genomic Events”, “Intratumoral Microbial Composition Is Associated with Immunity”, and “Intratumoral Microbiota Might Activate Carcinogenic Pathways”. Importantly, the overall conclusions of the study remain valid. 
In the Method section, the methods had been expanded to provide a comprehensive and granular description of the analytical procedures to ensure full reproducibility. 
The re-analyzed figures and tables (indicated with the prefix “(R)”), as well as updated main text were organized into file “Supplementary Materials”. 
All authors have approved these corrections. We sincerely apologize for any confusion caused and thank the editors and readers for their understanding.
